hey what's up guys
welcome back to another episode today
i'll show you a romantic fantasy film
when we first met spoiler ahead watch
out and take care
at a 2014 halloween party noah meets his
favorite girl avery
cute and sexy but most importantly she
shares many common topics with noah
as they get to know each other deeper
noah follows avery to her apartment
where he mistakenly believes that he's
going to let go of his hormone with his
girlfriend to be
who however just comes to regard him as
her friend
a lady bro three years later
noah remains distraught at being unable
to win over avery
who met her fiance ethan the next day in
the supermarket
and is going to be engaged with ethan
right now
frustrated by their engagement noah
becomes intoxicated
party he's then brought off the party by
their mutual friend carrie
who asserts that there's not any single
love spark she can see
between him and avery but the
intoxicated noah rebuts her assertion
he believes that he's meant to win avery
back
noah is later brought to a local bar
where he continues to intoxicate himself
with his best friend max
a company ceo he then winds up in the
photo booth
he used with avery during their first
meeting and drunkenly operates it
with a flashlight twinkling he moans out
some regrets and wishes of his life
before falling asleep awakening in his
bed the morning
noah gets a headache due to the alcohol
last night
so he makes his way out for some drinks
he's confused by people on the street
for they seem to prepare for a halloween
party
which should have happened last night
he's confused even more by a newspaper
as he checks the date october 31st 2014
on it
he then meets his friend max who's with
him last night
but only finds that max instead of a ceo
is just an operator
astonished by his surroundings noah then
finds kerry as his last resort
who however actually doesn't know him at
all
but instead treats him and max as the
stalkers
noah however cheers up that time for his
brought backwards to the day
he first met avery he resolves to change
the events of that day
to ensure he and avery end up together
trying to give a better impression to
avery he gets himself well prepared for
the party
where he uses his pre-existing knowledge
of avery to his advantage
to win her over with many surprises and
coincidence
created by noah avery begins to show her
great interest in this man
by the time noah rushes to kiss by avery
and want to run away
before her roommate carrie comes back
he's unfortunately caught up by carrie
who claims noah to be a stalker and
beats him to fade out
by the time noah wakes up in his bed
believing
it's just a nightmare he later finds
himself however
brought three years fast forwards to the
day right before their engagement party
starts
still being treated as the same stalker
by carrie and avery however
he's then kicked out of their house
confused totally
noah searches himself for any clues for
the current situation
with a photo of him and avery taken that
night he realizes that it's the photo
booth
which could bring him back to the day he
first met avery
he then visits the booth again and
utters his wishes before switching it on
noel wakes up in the halloween day of
2014 again
this time at the party he follows max's
advice of being a rude man
the so-called best strategy to hook a
party girl
which turns out to be a great success
they let go of their fully loaded
hormone right following the party
however
three years later in the present day
noah develops a self-absorbed
personality
and avery just treats him merely as a
[ __ ] friend
trying to avoid avery's meeting with the
muscular ethan who's fitness trainer
noah has to join their fitness plan but
only suffering from the training
and realizing that avery and ethan are
still attracted to each other
during a conversation with carrie he
gets to know what avery really desires
is a stable family with a dependable man
hoping to change the past again noah
visits the photo booth
and travels back to 2014 when he gets a
decent job at max's company
and presents himself in a more mature
and gentle manner to avery
which finally helps win her heart
successfully
three years fast forwards to the present
day noah becomes a rich company ceo
and is going to get engaged to avery
however his friendship with max has
ended
due to his taking the ceo position that
max was working hard to obtain
what's worse his job commitments prevent
him from spending time with avery
and noah's engagement party with avery
ethan however
gets himself heavily intoxicated while
on the way to send ethan back home
noah gets to know that ethan is still
distraught over avery
being unable to return his love for her
in the following conversation
with carrie noah recognizes further that
avery does not actually love him
and she is meant to be with ethan while
at the same time noah realizes that
as his relationship with kerry grows
through their personal conversations
he's meant to be with carrie who's
always there but he just targeted the
wrong girl
traveling back to 2014 for a fourth time
noah arranges for avery and ethan to
meet at the halloween party
while he turns to pursue his destiny
girl carrie whom he discovers he has
more in common with
than avery noah feels at ease finally
for the bonds with his right girl
and a photo of four witnesses their
happiest moment of that time
three years later to the present day
noah confirms that
his actions do restore ethan and avery's
engagement
and his friendship with max becomes the
company's ceo
he comes meet carrie happily trying to
convey his best kiss to her
however noah is shocked to learn that he
didn't win carrie's love after that
but instead carrie has now parted away
with him
and resumes her relationship with her
ex-boyfriend
figuring out that carrie is meant to
hold a relationship with her
ex-boyfriend first
noah travels back one last time to meet
avery and carrie
but he doesn't make any changes to their
relationship this time
three years later with the present day
fully restored
noah shows up at the engagement party of
avery and ethan
and initiates a conversation with carrie
who's just dumped her boyfriend not long
ago
while in the final scene the two begin
their own relationship
this is daniel cc movie review peace out